taury here with overdrive kid and play
what's going on guys you got us both we
look like we're sitting at a lunch table
we are in lunches late now actually
sitting on lunch yeah so if the three of
us fall out of frame and then me that
means the lunch table collapsed okay but
to bring it back to the school days from
my understanding you two went to
opposing high schools who were who were
rivals and then became a group so let's
bring her back to the lunch table well
you know I would say that my school was
rivals with many of the schools that
play attended in order to be rivals one
of us had to go to an actual school five
times and it did work no but I mean it
was actually quite a more borne out of
us growing up in the same neighborhood
together around the corner from one
another so uh you know it's just
something that kind of happened
organically and naturally and you know
here we are
you guys are like one of the original
rap duo's and that made it to the level
that you guys made it to when you guys
look at rap duo's today and the new
school rats duo's do you guys kind of
roll your eyes or do look at it like
okay that's you know I like that because
that's what you're into or do you kind
of look at it and we don't roll our eyes
and I mean we kind of wish the best for
a lot out there because the generation
deserves that but for us it was it was
organic I mean I think in a lot of cases
especially when you're dealing with
cinematic situations they usually
audition people to come together to see
if they have it he and I already had
that because we had already put in the
time that it takes to have a
relationship like Martin and Lewis and
being part Cosby and hope and all of
that stuff like that so you know no I
don't we don't look down on it but we
don't think there's any of them out
there I mean what do all shout there
I'll tell you this I mean he's right
there's not a lot of rap duels but the
cats out there that I like our mics he
got to meet him recently Muslim
them no flex do race members yeah mmm
yeah I met them you know out in the
alley on Cali and you know they're
really cool and actually when I when I
when I watch them and see their videos
they remind they remind me of us you
know what I mean so uh you know the
tradition continues that's a huge
compliment I don't know who you're
talking about but I am gonna Google them
when I get back to my computer to see
who's ripping off you know you know you
know grandpa don't watch the young stuff
all the time man you change the name of
the group the kid in great thank you so
much guys we appreciate this exclusive
energy with overdrive